Add beat to pulsar-hub (#113)
streamnative/pulsar-hub: logging/pulsar-beat-output/v0.1.0/pulsar-beat-output.md

---

> description: The Pulsar Beat output plugin is a lightweight data shipper, written in Go, that you install on your servers to capture all sorts of operational data.

Reviewer: Since `description` displays on the homepage as below
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/85945474-8f4ec000-b970-11ea-9dd7-b1c959d553b2.png)

Can we change `The Pulsar Beat output plugin is a lightweight data shipper, written in Go, that you install on your servers to capture all sorts of operational data.` to `Use Pulsar Beat output plugin to capture all sorts of operational data`?

author: ["StreamNative"]
contributors: ["StreamNative"]
language: Go
document: 
source: "https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-beat-output"
license: Apache License 2.0
tags: ["Pulsar IO", "Beat output", "Logging"]
alias: Pulsar Beat output
features: ["Use Pulsar Beat output to capture all sorts of operational data"]
license_link: "https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0"
icon: "/images/connectors/elasticsearch.jpg"
download: "https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-beat-output/releases/tag/v0.1.0"
support: StreamNative
support_link: https://streamnative.io
support_img: "/images/streamnative.png"
owner_name: "StreamNative"
owner_img: "/images/streamnative.png"
dockerfile: 
id: "pulsar-beat-output"
---

The Pulsar Beat output plugin is a lightweight data shipper, written in Go, that you install on your servers to capture all sorts of operational data.

# Installation

This section describes how to install the Pulsar Beat output plugin.

> Download the Pulsar Beat output from [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-beat-output/releases/tag/v0.1.0).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Download the Pulsar Beat output plugin from [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-beat-output/releases/tag/v0.1.0).
```

> # Usage by self build

Reviewer 2: change the title to Usage?

    ```
    docker build -t pulsar-beat.
    ```

2. Create a network.

    ```
    docker network create pulsar-beat
    ```

3. Start the Pulsar service.

    ```
    docker run -d -it --network pulsar-beat -p 6650:6650 -p 8080:8080 -v $PWD/data:/pulsar/data --name pulsar-beat-standalone apachepulsar/pulsar:2.4.0 bin/pulsar standalone
    ```

4. Add the following configuration to `filebeat.yml`.

    ```
    output.pulsar:
    url: "pulsar://pulsar-beat-standalone:6650"
    topic: my_topic
    name: test123
    ```

5. Start the Filebeat.

    ```
    docker pull golang:1.12.4
    docker run -it --network pulsar-beat --name filebeat golang:1.12.4 /bin/bash
    mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/streamnative/
    cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/streamnative/
    git clone https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-beat-output
    cd pulsar-beat-output
    go build -o filebeat main.go
    chown -R root:root filebeat.yml test_module/modules.d/system.yml test_module/module/system
    cp test_module/module/system/auth/test/test.log /var/log/messages.log
    cp filebeat filebeat.yml test_module
    cd test_module
    ./filebeat modules enable system
    ./filebeat -c filebeat.yml -e
    ```

> 6. Open another terminal window, execute the following commands to get information collected from the Filebeat.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Open another terminal window, execute the following commands to collect information from the Filebeat.
```
